Updated Dashicon readme with more info and a list of icons (#37641)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/dashicon/README.md

	</div>
);
```

## Props

The component accepts the following props:

### icon

> The name of the icon. See the list below for all possible values.

Reviewer: Listing and showing a preview of the icons in this README is a nice addition, but I believe that instead we should just link to the official docs (which also list the icons divided by categories)

```suggestion
The icon's `id`. For a complete list of all possible values, please refer to the [official docs](https://developer.wordpress.org/resource/dashicons/).
```

Author: This seems legit to me.

Reviewer: Awesome! Let me know once you've addressed all the feedback, and I'll have another look at this PR :)

-   Type: `string`
-   Required: Yes

### className

> Additional classes for the `<span>` element.

Reviewer: Let's not expose implementation details (eg. `span`) in the docs

```suggestion
Additional classnames added to the component
```

-   Type: `string`
-   Required: No

> ## List of available icons

Reviewer: As a consequence of what explained in the previous comment, we should remove this section.

I believe that it's a better idea to link out to the existing official docs — this will remove the need for maintaining an up-to-date list in this README.
